(Episode 31)
Hello, sir.
- Arrest him. - Pardon?
I said, "arrest him".
You're a fake.
(2007 Odong Blowfish House Murder)
Am I wrong?
Kim Jong Sam?
(Background Check Results)
(Name: Oh Il Seung)
Jin Jin Young.
Handcuff him.
I said, "handcuff him".
What are you doing?
Aren't you going to arrest him?
Should I arrest him instead?
I heard you arrested Chairwoman Gook Su Ran.
What's with the ambiance?
You guys should be celebrating right now.
Hey.
I guess he got caught after all.
I heard you were on the Odong Blowfish House Murder case,
so I figured he wouldn't be able to hide for much longer.
I knew he'd get caught soon since you're pretty quick-witted.
But you found out faster than I thought you would.
What do you mean?
Are you saying you already knew about this?
He impersonated a police officer. It's a crime.
So?
Are you going to arrest him?
You won't be able to.
I couldn't arrest him even when I knew everything.
The documents clearly state that he's Oh Il Seung.
Then are you going to let him keep doing this?
That's actually up to you.
But if you want to prove that Oh Il Seung is Kim Jong Sam,
you'll have to go after...
both the NIS and Lee Kwang Ho since they were actually behind this.
But the problem is,
no matter how much you did, you won't find a thing.
You can arrest Kim Jong Sam...
after you arrest Lee Kwang Ho.
So don't waste your energy,
and just give me Chairwoman Gook.
Where are you going?
- I'm running away. - That won't solve anything.
You should be begging or asking Inspector Park to...
Do you think that's going to solve anything?
You know Inspector Park. He'll never forgive me.
I feel sorry for what I did,
and I'm ashamed to face him.
I'm sorry for making you get involved in this.
Forget it. Don't apologize.
You should go inside. You have a lot of work to do.
Do you think Inspector Park told Prosecutor Kim?
It doesn't matter.
- He already knows. - He does?
And he still let go of it?
Because everything's perfect on paper.
What are you going to do now?
I should run away.
I also have something I need to look into.
Don't go too far.
I'm sure we can come up with a way.
Okay.
Bye.
(11:08pm: Covered up Lee Kwang Ho and Gook Su Ran's murder scene)
Did...
Lee Kwang Ho kill Ms. Hong?
What if he did?
Then we need to catch him.
It doesn't matter whether it was you or Lee Kwang Ho.
The weapon used to kill Prosecutor Joo was found,
so I'm sure there will be some kind of evidence...
to prove that he killed Ms. Hong.
(11:08pm: Covered up Lee Kwang Ho and Gook Su Ran's murder scene)
- Who wrote this? - Mr. Cha.
So you need to go outside and find him first.
I'm sure he'll have at least one more evidence...
to prove that Lee Kwang Ho is guilty of murder.
- Are you telling the truth? - Don't you get it yet?
Don't you understand that I'm trying to help you?
(11:08pm: Covered up Lee Kwang Ho and Gook Su Ran's murder scene)
Lee Kwang Ho and Gook Su Ran.
11:08pm.
Covered up Lee Kwang Ho and Gook Su Ran's...
murder scene.
Jong Sam.
- What's wrong? - This is the police.
Open up.
(11:08pm: Covered up Lee Kwang Ho and Gook Su Ran's murder scene)
How am I going to find Mr. Cha?
Long time no see, Mr. Cha.
Sir.
Yes.
Do you recognize me?
I don't know what you mean, sir.
I saw you this morning.
He has Alzheimer's.
It seems as if he can only remember bits and pieces of the past.
Goodness.
You have a guest.
I'll leave you two alone, sir.
It's okay.
Stay there.
Pardon?
Is that all? Anything else?
No.
If I hadn't gotten to him first,
the Hidden Crime Team would've found him, and you...
And what?
What?
Do you think there's evidence that could nail me?
I didn't mean that.
There is nothing like that.
I have nothing to do with the Odong Blowfish House.
Yes, sir.
You may leave.
Where should I take him?
Take him to where he was supposed to go.
I should've sent him there 10 years ago.
Chairwoman Gook made a mistake because she wasn't tough enough.
Yes, sir.
I guess you aren't happy to see me.
But I'm a bit happy to see you.
Chairwoman Gook has been arrested. Did you know about that?
Of course. She got arrested on his orders.
Is it okay to let her be arrested?
She has been a very close acquaintance...
Don't worry. She knows a lot,
but she has no evidence.
She won't be able to say anything.
Because it'll be like spitting on her own face.
Who is this man?
What's shocking is that Mr. Cha is still alive.
The chairwoman kept him alive.
So the chairwoman has been arrested.
For real?
Of course you don't know about Mr. Cha.
Yes, the chairwoman was arrested.
She called me to hire a lawyer.
Why don't you contact Attorney An then?
She wants someone other than Attorney An.
Wait a minute.
What's going on right now?
Manager Lee and Chairwoman Gook split up.
How did you find out?
You have to keep this a secret.
Manager Lee ordered me to tail her...
and report her moves to him.
Oh, my goodness.
Did you do it?
No, I couldn't.
I couldn't bring myself to do it.
She stabbed him in the back before I did anything.
I should've looked after the chairwoman...
instead of chasing after Jang Pil Sung.
So is Jang Pil Sung in Manager Lee's house?
Yes. I believe the guy we saved is...
pledging his allegiance to Manager Lee.
Gosh.
What do we do now?
There's really no answer to that.
It doesn't feel right to be on Manager Lee's side.
But if I side with the chairwoman, my life will be in trouble.
I want to emigrate.
Take me with you if you do.
Sir.
What should we do?
What can we do? Let's just follow them.
Okay.
I got this security footage from an asylum.
Here.
This man is Mr. Cha who had been in there for 10 years.
His name is Cha Gwang Tae.
Next to him is Jang Pil Sung.
He's really alive. He's perfectly fine.
He really is alive.
He took Mr. Cha before we got there.
So Chairwoman Gook...
went there to meet Mr. Cha and got caught.
Then why was the Odong Blowfish House evidence...
there?
It seems that Jang Pil Sung put it there.
Looking at Gook Su Ran's GPS history,
you know she has visited the asylum before.
She would've gotten rid of the evidence if she had known.
He didn't put it there, he left it there.
Anyway, that means Jang Pil Sung turned on Gook Su Ran.
Why did he turn on her when she was the one...
who saved him?
Lee Kwang Ho and Jang Pil Sung must be on the same side.
That's very likely.
Mr. Cha will be in danger.
The one who had been cleaning after Lee Kwang Ho...
has kept the evidence for 10 years.
Even if he has Alzheimer's,
they would be nervous that he had more evidence.
Min Pyo and Dae Woong. Find where Lee Kwang Ho is.
Get ready to go undercover.
Get Jang Pil Sung's plate number, and put him on the wanted list.
Yes, sir.
By the way, where is Officer Oh?
He's on vacation. He had some things to take care of.
Get going.
Okay.
- Inspector Park. - Don't say anything.
If you do, you'd be admitting yourself as an accomplice.
So stay quiet.
Go find Jang Pil Sung's car.
Go.
Yes, sir.
Hi.
I think Mr. Cha is in danger.
The security footage showed that Jang Pil Sung took Mr. Cha.
Jang Pil Sung took him?
Then Jang Pil Sung and Lee Kwang Ho are on the same boat.
Can you let me know when you find Mr. Cha?
Okay, I will.
Thanks. We'll talk again.
Bye.
[VIU Ver] E31 Doubtful Victory "You're a Fake"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(11:08pm: Covered up Lee Kwang Ho and Gook Su Ran's murder scene)
It's good that we know at least some parts of what happened.
According to what's written there,
Mr. Cha killed Ms. Hong.
But Su Ran said, Lee Kwang Ho...
strangled Ms. Hong. So he's guilty of attempted murder.
We could've done something if we had Ms. Hong's clipped nails.
Jang Pil Sung would've gotten rid of them if we had them.
By the way, why did Lee Kwang Ho try to kill Ms. Hong?
I'm not sure.
Mr. Cha's name is Cha Gwang Tae.
All right.
Why are you out here alone and not with your team?
Inspector Park caught me.
So I ran away.
You lasted longer than I expected.
I know Inspector Park wouldn't let it slide.
So,
will you operate on your own?
Yes. I'll visit Chairwoman Gook again.
Hey. Take the car.
Are you going somewhere?
There's someone I must meet.
Chairwoman Gook.
I said I'd be very accommodating.
You have to go to jail anyway.
It'd be unfair to go alone.
So you should take Manager Lee with you.
You need to give me something, so I can start digging.
If you keep your mouth shut like that...
Goodness. It's the fugitive, Officer Oh.
I have to talk to Chairwoman Gook.
Could you please give us time to talk?
Well, I'm sorry.
Chairwoman Gook has her mouth shut,
so even if I let you...
I need to talk to him.
Could you please leave the room?
I can't believe this.
I've met a lot of suspects before,
but I've never met one who made me feel left out.
It's really upsetting.
It won't take long.
You're going to tell me...
what you talked about with her...
before you leave, right?
If you leave me out of my case so obviously like this,
I might become a little twisted.
- Did you find Mr. Cha? - I'm looking for him.
Why did...
Lee Kwang Ho choke Ms. Hong?
(Odong Blowfish House)
This restaurant...
has the best barley tea.
I'm disappointed.
You're complimenting barley tea at a blowfish restaurant.
What did you do with Jin Jung Gil?
Ms. Hong, do you know how...
I managed to come this far?
It was thanks to my guts.
I can guess beforehand if someone's trying to betray me or not.
My gut feelings were never wrong, and I just got that feeling.
What did you do?
I gave him a weapon...
that can destroy you.
I don't think a murderer like you...
should become the president.
If she found out about something she shouldn't have,
the least she could do was to stay quiet.
You don't know why he tried to kill her?
If I were to guess,
it was probably because of Chairman Jin.
Ms. Hong was the one who gave Chairman Jin the recorded file.
Are you talking about the recorder that...
Chairman Jin had brought from the restaurant before he died?
What was recorded in that file?
I'm not sure.
Ms. Hong had recorded it a long time ago.
And it had conversations about Lee Kwang Ho's...
personal life.
Then I guess that specific conversation...
was his weakness...
since he was desperate enough to choke Ms. Hong himself.
I guess you believe me now.
No, I don't believe you.
I'm just taking my chances whether or not it's true.
If it's going to help me catch Lee Kwang Ho,
I'll even listen to the most ridiculous stories if I have to.
How much does Mr. Cha know?
He doesn't know much since he has Alzheimer's.
But...
he probably has a record of...
everything that Lee Kwang Ho had ever asked him to do.
Then Jang Pil Sung probably already took everything...
since he was the one who took Mr. Cha from the hospital.
No.
I'm sure he didn't keep it in his hospital room.
He probably either hid it somewhere...
or gave it to someone he could fully trust.
If Jang Pil Sung came across it,
he would've betrayed Lee Kwang Ho already.
If he got his hands on something so huge,
he wouldn't want to stay by Lee Kwang Ho's side.
I gave you a bit more time than you asked for, didn't I?
Now, it's time for you to talk to me.
I'll be off now.
I warned you that I'm going to become twisted.
- One bottle of soju, please. - Okay.
That was delicious.
We're done eating, so tell me. Why did you want to meet?
Kim Jong Sam.
I knew it.
Why?
He passed the police exam,
and he would've been a great cop if he didn't get framed.
I know.
He's good with what he does.
And he's a nice guy.
So what?
I think he's willing to take responsibility later,
- so for now... - Chul Gi.
Our job...
is to arrest people.
Try thinking of it in the shoes of the person who's getting arrested.
They're both criminals.
How would that criminal feel if he knew that the police officer...
was a criminal as well?
I know that our organization isn't perfect,
but I still don't think this is right.
Okay.
But just know that if that cop didn't take his life away from him,
he'd be...
working with you...
as a really good cop right now.
I'm not telling you to turn a blind eye on him.
I'm not asking you to accept him as your team member.
I'm just asking you not to think of him as a sinner.
That's why I asked you to meet.
(Hangang Hospital)
He probably has a record of...
everything that Lee Kwang Ho had ever asked him to do.
I'm sure he didn't keep it in his hospital room.
He probably either hid it somewhere...
or gave it to someone he could fully trust.
Hey, it's me.
You want a background check on Mr. Cha?
I already looked into it, but there was nothing much.
No one ever reported him missing even when he was gone for so long...
because he doesn't have a family.
Okay.
I'll send you a photo of the file.
Did you spend the night at the office?
You should take care of yourself.
Okay. You should do the same.
You remember what I taught you, right?
Use what you learned.
Okay, I will.
By the way, have you found...
Jang Pil Sung and Mr. Cha yet?
I need to go to the bathroom.
My gosh, why do I need to do something like this?
I should be the one driving.
By the way, where are we going?
We're going to where Manager Lee told me to take you.
It's where you belong.
Okay.
Mr. Cha.
Do you really have nothing more that you're hiding?
Something really precious.
Something that could...
make Congressman Lee get in big trouble.
Are you sure you're not hiding it somewhere?
I gave it to someone.
To whom?
It's a secret.
To that person.
That person came to see me every day.
So who exactly is that person?
I need to go to the bathroom.
- I really need to go. - My gosh, this man.
Hurry up.
You've been on my nerves ever since you got on the car.
I'll be right back.
I'll be right back. I'll be right back.
What should we do?
- Let's go get Mr. Cha. - Okay.
Why did you follow me?
Where do you think you're going?
- Step aside. - Why should I?
You don't want us to smash your pretty face, do you?
We'll just take Mr. Cha quietly.
If you want things to be quiet, just leave.
I'm running errands for Manager Lee right now.
You aren't going to turn on Manager Lee...
and run amok like Chairwoman Gook, are you?
Sir, he's gone.
What do you mean? Find him.
Yes, sir. Darn it.
I'm at the right address.
Yes. Black car? Okay.
I found it! Thanks, Lieutenant Jin.
Gosh, I can't believe it's them again.
Hey, let's get Jang Pil Sung first.
Have they all lost their minds?
You should stop them, not me.
If I get caught, Su Ran will be charged for...
taking me out of the police.
If I make an escape here,
you can have Mr. Cha, so why would you stop me?
Boy, am I happy to see you alive.
What are you doing?
Come on! I don't care about the NIS anymore.
Sir!
I'll take care of them.
What's wrong with you guys?
I don't care about being arrested. Just find Mr. Cha.
Find him first.
Mr. Cha disappeared.
What other cards are there?
Is there anything else that you hid?
I gave it to someone.
To whom?
It's a secret.
To that person.
"That person"...
Who could it be?
(CT Scan Room)
What I asked you earlier...
Yes. I checked again.
The hospital bill has been deposited regularly.
There hadn't been any visitors except for the few recent ones.
There's no record of belongings that has been checked in.
Here. Take these.
Where did you find these?
They were in a bathroom closet.
He had a habit of hiding stuff...
in different places.
Where did he usually hide things?
The usual hiding spots were...
fire hydrants, toilet tanks,
laundry baskets, and under the beds.
- Shoulders. - Shoulders.
- Shoulders. The other way. - Shoulders.
Spine. Stretch your spine. Good.
Stretch it. The other way.
Move it.
Good. Like you're going to fly away.
Ma'am.
Yes?
- Could we talk for a minute? - Yes.
Excuse me for a second.
- Did... - Yes?
Mr. Cha do anything daily?
Daily? He prayed.
He was a devout Christian.
I didn't see a bible or a cross though.
No? I don't think I saw any bible either.
But there's a cross. He prayed in front of it every day.
With me.
- With you? - Yes.
(Episode 32 will air shortly.)